BoJack :  “He’s so stupid he doesn’t realize how miserable he should be.”

Sextina Aquafina  : “I think about my child’s heartbeat and oh, it makes me weep. I hope and pray to God my little fetus has a soul. Because I want it to feel pain when I eject it from my hole.”

BoJack : “Ow, crap. I hate this. Running is terrible. Everything is the worst.”

Mr. Peanutbutter :  “The universe is a cruel, uncaring void. The key to being happy isn’t the search for meaning; it’s just to keep yourself busy with unimportant nonsense, and eventually, you’ll be dead.”

Henry Winkler : “There is no shame in dying for nothing. That’s why most people die.”

BoJack : “You are a horrible person, and you not understanding that you’re a horrible person, doesn’t make you less of a horrible person.”

BoJack :  I’m responsible for my own happiness? I can’t even be responsible for my own breakfast!

 BoJack Horseman : “You sleep on my couch and you don’t pay rent. I’ve had tapeworms that are less parasitic. I don’t even remember why I let you stay with me in the first place.”

BoJack : “Man, I really regret buying those muffins and then eating them all on the drive home.”

BoJack : “I feel like my life is just a series of unrelated wacky adventures”

BoJack :  “I don’t understand how people… live. It’s amazing to me that people wake up every morning and say: ‘Yeah, another day, let’s do it.’ How do people do it? I don’t know how.”

BoJack : Look, for a lot of people, life is just one long hard kick in the urethra.

 Princess Carolyn :  “Laura! Clear our my schedule! I have to push a boulder up a hill and then have it roll over me time and time again with no regard for my well-being! “

Princess Carolyn : “That woman can knock a drink back like a Kennedy at a wake for another Kennedy, but I’ll be damned if she doesn’t get shit done!”

BoJack :  “Same thing that always happens. You didn’t know me and then you fell in love with me. And now you know me.”

BoJack : “It gets easier. Every day it gets a little easier. But you gotta do it every day —that’s the hard part. But it does get easier”

Secretariat : “When you get sad you run ,straight ahead and you keep running forward no matter what there are people in your life that who are going to try to hold you back , slow you down , but you don’t let them. Don’t you ever stop running, don’t ever look behind you there is nothing for you behind you. All that exists is whats ahead.” 

BoJack : “Not understanding that you’re a horrible person doesn’t make you less of a horrible person.”

BoJack : “I need to go take a shower so I can’t tell if I’m crying or not.”

Fuzzy Whiskers :  “I don’t know what to tell you. I’m happy for the first time in my life and I’m not gonna feel bad about it. It takes a long time to realise how truly miserable you are and even longer to see it doesn’t have to be that way. Only after you give up everything can you begin to find a way to be happy.”

Princess Carolyn : ”  BoJack, I’m gonna level with you, honey. This whole you-hating-the-troops thing is not great.”

BoJack :  “Yeah, I ate them all in one sitting because I have no self-control and I hate myself.”

BoJack :  “Not understanding that you’re a horrible person doesn’t make you less of a horrible person.”

BoJack :  “nothing on the outside, nothing on the inside” as he runs his hand over the oven

BoJack :  “You know, sometimes I feel like I was born with a leak, and any goodness I started with just slowly spilled out of me, and now it’s all gone.”

BoJack : “Settle. Because otherwise you’re just gonna get older and harder, and more alone. And you’re gonna do everything you can to fill that hole, with friends, and your career, and meaningless sex, but the hole doesn’t get filled. One day, you’re gonna look around and you’re going to realize that everybody loves you, but nobody likes you. And that is the loneliest feeling in the world.”

BoJack :  “I want to feel good about myself. The way you do. And I don’t know how. I don’t know if I can.”

BoJack : “Fool me once, shame on you. But teach a man to fool me and I’ll be fooled for the rest of my life” 
BoJack : “Dead on the inside, dead on the outside.”

Mr. Peanutbutter :  Everybody deserves to be loved” 

BoJack Horseman :  “You know, sometimes I feel like I was born with a leak, and any goodness I started with just slowly spilled out of me, and now it’s all gone. And I’ll never get it back in me. It’s too late.”

Wanda Pierce : “When you look at someone through rose-colored glasses, all the red flags just look like flags.”

BoJack : “I have half a mind…”

BoJack :  “I can’t say no to people because I want everyone to like me.”

That voice, the one that tells you you’re stupid, worthless, and ugly… it goes away right? It’s just a dumb teenage girl thing, but… then it goes away?”, “Yeah”

BoJack :  “I need to go take a shower so I can’t tell if I’m crying or not.”

Todd Chavez : “Things don’t become traditions because they’re good, BoJack, they become good because they’re traditions.”

Strange new lights can be just as frightening as the dark.
-- Westworld

These violent delights have violent ends.
-- Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet: Act 2, Scene 6

To see a World in a Grain of Sand 
And a Heaven in a Wild Flower 
Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand 
And Eternity in an hour
-- Willian Blake, Auguries of Innocence

Imagination is its own form of courage
-- House of Cards

Oh, bliss! Bliss and heaven! It was gorgeousness and gorgeosity made flesh. It was like a bird of rarest spun, heaven metal. Or like silvery wine flowing in a spaceship, gravity all nonsense now.
-- Clockwork Orange

I'm all the way down now. I can see all the way to the bottom. Would you like to see what I see? They said there were two fathers, one above, one below. They lied. There was only ever the Devil. When you look up from the bottom, it was just his reflection, laughing back down at you.
-- Westworld

People make mistakes. It's why they put rubbers on the ends of pencils.
-- Fleabag

Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds
-- Einstein on Bertrand Russell

Fear, control, fear of losing control thereby creating the desire for more control, Ad infinitum.
-- YouTube commentary on Yorgos Lanthimos, Dogtooth

All it takes is one bad day to reduce the sanest man alive to lunacy. That's how far the world is from where I am. Just one bad day.
-- Alan Moore, Batman: The Killing Joke

The good thing about relationships, is that you finally forget how they started
-- La Casa de Papel

Are you free and evil, or blameless and helplessly enslaved?
-- Westworld

Almost none of us commit suicide, and almost all of us self-destruct. In some way, in some part of our lives.
-- Annihilation

My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings;
Look on my Works, ye Mighty, and despair!
-- Percy Bysshe Shelley, Ozymandias